config: fix missing and stuck alerts (#9598)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/config-missing-alerts.md

## bugfix/config

* Fixed a bug when only one alert of a particular type is reported in
  `config:info().alerts` instead of several ones. Examples of such alerts are
  privilege grant delay due to a lack of a space/function/sequence and skipping

>   of non-dynamic `box.cfg()` option apply on the configuration reloading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of a non-dynamic `box.cfg()` option applies on the configuration reloading
```

Author: Thanks! Applied.
